README.md, before:

# MeGaBoT Dataset

The MeGaBoT Dataset is based on the Meta Quest Pro VR headset system. It includes tracked data for gaze, hand, and upper body joints, recorded from 20 participants (5 females, 15 males). Each participant performed three interaction types: pushing, pointing, and grasping, at 17 contact points in six directions: forward, backward, left to right, right to left, upward, and downward.


# Project Website

Visit the official MeGaBoT Dataset website for additional information and updates: [website](https://natnaelb7.github.io/MeGaBoT_Website/).

# Citation

If you use the MeGaBoT Dataset in your research or projects, please cite it using the following:

```
@data{IQ4AZY_2024,
        author = {Takele, Natnael Berhanu},
        publisher = {IIT Dataverse},
        title = {{MeGaBoT: A Meta Quest Dataset for Gaze, Body, and Hand Interaction in MR}},
        year = {2024},
        version = {DRAFT VERSION},
        doi = {10.48557/IQ4AZY},
        url = {https://doi.org/10.48557/IQ4AZY}
}
```

Commit message:

Update README.md - Link for the datasets

README.md, after:

# MeGaBoT Dataset

The MeGaBoT Dataset is based on the Meta Quest Pro VR headset system. It includes tracked data for gaze, hand, and upper body joints, recorded from 20 participants (5 females, 15 males). Each participant performed three interaction types: pushing, pointing, and grasping, at 17 contact points in six directions: forward, backward, left to right, right to left, upward, and downward.


# Project Website

Visit the official MeGaBoT Dataset website for additional information and updates: [website](https://natnaelb7.github.io/MeGaBoT_Website/).

# Dataset Access

The MeGaBoT Dataset can be accessed at the following link: [MeGaBoT Dataset on IIT Dataverse](https://dataverse.iit.it/dataset.xhtml?persistentId=doi:10.48557/IQ4AZY&version=DRAFT). Download the zip file and extract its contents to access the data.

# Citation

If you use the MeGaBoT Dataset in your research or projects, please cite it using the following:

```
@data{IQ4AZY_2024,
        author = {Takele, Natnael Berhanu},
        publisher = {IIT Dataverse},
        title = {{MeGaBoT: A Meta Quest Dataset for Gaze, Body, and Hand Interaction in MR}},
        year = {2024},
        version = {DRAFT VERSION},
        doi = {10.48557/IQ4AZY},
        url = {https://doi.org/10.48557/IQ4AZY}
}
```
